We're going to go for
it. Yeah. All
right. This is the new electric G Wagon,
but they're still calling it a G Wagon.
And it is very much a G
Wagon. And the best way to know that
you're dealing with a G Wagon is right
here. Let's just get this out of the way
right
away. It's like a vault. You know what?
It's not even just when you open and
close the doors. It's also when you lock
them. Listen to
this. Are you kidding? Listen.
Unlock. It is just so mechanical in that
regard and you're not used to it with
electric vehicles. This is a special
like addition one. It has a few
different elements associated with that.
It is quite an expensive option package.
And the paint itself, at least in terms
of Canadian dollars, is like 8,000
bucks. But it's a G Wagon, ladies and
gentlemen, and you expect to pay for
this level of premium. For me, this
doesn't feel like, hey, I'm an electric
vehicle. I mean, in this case, maybe the
blue coloring kind of gives it away a
little bit. That's an unusual color for
a G Wagon, but they've really retained
tradition, which is what I think people
wanted them to do with the G Wagon if it
were to go electric. So, you're still
getting that whole origin and history
and ruggedness and boxiness, which is
rare for electric vehicles. You'd be
hardressed to say, "Hey, that's the
electric one." Because they're still
selling one that looks almost identical
to this that's gasoline powered. There's
a few giveaways that this is electric
from the outside, but like I said, you
have to know what you're looking for.
So, this little EQ badge is probably the
most obvious component, which says
electric. There's also this little blue
strip that travels down the side, which
also indicates that this is the electric
model. But if you look at the back, it
still says G580 on it. The little
backpack is one more giveaway. So rather
than have a spare tire here, if I unlock
the car, now I can open the backpack.
Currently, they've just got the charge
cable in here. I guess you could fit a
few other items. And it's nice that it
locks when the car locks, but it is
fairly narrow. the door to the rear gets
lighter weight, so you don't have to
work so hard to slam it. It still sounds
awesome. And the other thing is you can
kind of hear
that that sound that it makes. That's
another giveaway, I suppose. But the G
Wagon as a whole, not just the electric
model for 2025, has a lot of modern
upgrades. Adaptive cruise control, stay
in its lane, the infotainment system.
Obviously, this one has EQ specific
features on it. Other things that are
kind of specific to this edition, one
steps on the side. certain black and
chrome elements. The grill is something
that I wanted to talk about as well
because some of the early videos I saw
in the electric G Wagon, they had this
really modern looking electrified grill
which wasn't really a grill. It was more
like a cap on the front. I didn't like
the look of it because again, it's like
it's a G Wagon. Let's just keep looking
like a G Wagon. So what if it's not the
most efficient electric vehicle in the
world? People who buy these things, they
want them to look sort of like military
vehicles. So, I prefer this traditional
grill, even if it's an electric vehicle
that has no use for it. The other thing
that that kind of cap grill does is it
brings a two-tone black over this
portion that surrounds the headlights. I
just didn't like the look of it very
much, but I did see it in some of the
earlier videos. It is an option. So,
it's like 1,600 bucks if you put that
more futuristic black glossy finish on
the front rather than the traditional
grill. So, I would say don't even bother
doing that. And I think that this
addition one is actually a pretty good
and nice looking setup. It also gives
you these wheels, so you get the black
wheels instead, which look better. And
if you look closely, you can see the
brake calipers in that blue color, which
matches the tone of the paint. The
mirrors, they fold in. I think these
tints came from the factory as well. To
charge it up, it's on the right hand
side. You press here. There we go. It
flies open. So, it is assisted. And then
it is locking. So, you press this button
here in order to unlock that charge
port. Just remember to close it. No
fancy motorized like sliding door like
the Tyan. It's just you just press the
button, it flings open, plug in and
charge and uh get going with your G
Wagon. And this is another thing for
2025. We can now approach the vehicle
and have it just unlock with the key in
our pocket. We don't need to actually
initiate it. And actually before I get
inside, I want to mention one more thing
that kind of coincides with that. The
little G area on the button itself,
mechanical button. So now if I were to
approach the vehicle, it would initially
unlock and then I would press the button
and open the door. And I just noticed we
got a pretty cool badge here.
MercedesBenz, how do I even say that
word? Shockle approved. It sounds tough.
Sounds rugged. Anyway, we'll talk more
about the interior in a moment, but like
this latch. This is the latch that we
all love. Look at how robust this latch
is. Listen to
that. Damn, dude. You just feel every
day. Imagine every day you get in the
car just bam. Uh, it's funny cuz it's a
Segway and I'm looking for a Segway.
Thank you to Segue for sponsoring this
video and bringing us their brand new
Ninebot Max G3. A lot of people have
been saying positive things about this
thing. I watched a bunch of videos
before they sent it over. It is just a
complete package and I think they're
having promotions. Check the
description. But this thing has a big
range. very smooth, a maximum of 80 km
or 50 mi. It has good speed with a
maximum of 45 km an hour, which is 28
mph. It can drive up inclines up to 30%.
You have suspension on your front end
and also on the rear as well. You got
this new improved display which is going
to show you your range. You got a sport
mode for speed. You've got a walk mode
if you want to walk beside. The entire
thing folds down into a small package so
you can put it in the back of a car.
Just a threeprong to charge it up. And
this also has a gasket for weather
resistance. Big beefy grips, comfortable
brake locations, and then lighting. We
have signals on either side. Bright
headlight. This straight line coming
behind them. You've even got a little
bell. So, we've actually got pretty wide
tires on here. These are 11 in. And they
don't really tell you to go off-road.
This is not their off-road centric
model, but these have some selfsealing
attributes. It makes them a little bit
tougher to puncture. It's also got
something called air lock. When you
approach it with your app in your
pocket, it'll unlock. And they've also
integrated with Apple Find My. So if
your Max G3 happens to go missing, you
can track it down. Damn, dude. You just
feel every day. Imagine every day you
get in the car, just bam. Don't get your
finger stuck in there, right, Will?
Okay. To the rear. Really big opening.
Quite a bit of cargo space. They say
that the electric variant has I think
they said like 3 cubic feet less cargo,
but essentially what you're looking at
here is cargo space that's similar to
the standard G Wagon. You have some tie
down areas here. We have a cargo cover
which we can pull back. We can also
remove it if we choose to, which is what
I normally do with these things. So, I
can get even more cargo volume and I'm
always putting hockey sticks and sports
equipment into my vehicle. So, these
things tend to get in the way. We've
also got a 12vt on the side. This is
going to be good for your portable
fridge that you might want to keep in
the back here. That would be good. Now,
there is an interesting way in which the
seats fold. It's a two-step situation.
First, what we do is we pull the seat
itself. There's a little handle for
that. So, this portion goes up first,
and then you're going to have to have
this headrest in the down position
because what happens next, you click
this lever, and then this comes down and
fits in there. So, it's a two-step
situation. The same is the case for the
other side. So, you've got this 60/40
split situation. Now, the only thing I
noticed with this setup is that if these
seats are too far back, see what I mean?
It'll go, but it just kind of bumps into
it if these seats are too far back. If
this seats up a little further, it makes
it a lot easier. It also has a couple
different spots that it can be stopped
in. I don't know anybody that would want
to sit there like this, but maybe if you
need extra cargo in the back, that could
be useful. There is also a pass through
if you want to just put a long item
through the center. the seats down. You
go with the pass through instead if you
want to put skis or I guess I could have
put a hockey stick like that too. I
should talk about trim while we're back
here. We get this carbon fiber. This is
our first glance at the carbon fiber
we're going to see throughout the
vehicle. And they found a way to get a
little bit of blue in there. Very
subtle, but it is in there. And that
same blue stitching here on this big
panel. And you're going to see it
throughout the vehicle in different
spots as well. There's also puddle
projectors. And actually, you can get
them configured a couple different ways.
One of them says stronger than time.
That's what the addition one says. It
says stronger than time. It has a big G.
You can also just get a Mercedes emblem
if you prefer. And then there's no frunk
because there's all kinds of tech in
here, including a really large battery.
I think it's 116 kWh underneath. They
did actually because this thing is meant
to off-road. They put extra protection
in the battery area. So, the entire
undercarriage there has a protective
layer. So, if you're bumping into things
off-road, you're not going to have to be
too concerned about puncturing that
battery. But each of the four wheels has
its own motor which allows you to do
some funky tricks when you're on the
inside tank style turns which I'm sure
you've seen. Hopefully we can find some
snow because it's for dirt or snow. It's
not going to work on regular pavement.
So getting up into the G Wagon is a bit
of a thing. There is this side step but
it's a little bit narrow. I honestly
tend to just jump like right in. Now I
don't know if that's going to be for
everyone. If you're shorter I feel like
you're going to have to step on that
first. With my daughter, I was like
lifting her straight in. Like, you know
what I'm saying? I have like a
5-year-old daughter. She's going
straight in. For me, I guess I'm just
going straight in. I'm just totally
ignoring that part there. And I also
noticed these headrests in their down
position are like in my back. Oh my god.
So, that's going to have to be maxed
out. Oh, which it was, but then you have
to put it down in order to fold them
correctly. So, this is the actual
configuration, which there's lots of
headroom. I don't know why I'm starting
in the back seat here, but something to
mention is the G Wagon looks like a big
vehicle from the outside. It's actually
not that big inside. Like I moved this
forward in order to get that fold to
happen, but I would normally have this a
little further back. I can fit two of me
in here, but it's not like large SUV
status. Probably many people already
know that. And the same goes for the
width of it. It's pretty narrow. Now,
these things aren't such a bad thing for
off-roading, right? You get the short
wheelbase. You can approach more
obstacles in that way. And this thing is
properly capable off-road even though a
lot of people just drive them around as
luxury vehicles. This does have
Burmester audio. You can see the dead
giveaway of these metallic grills which
are typically associated with Burmester.
We also have heated seats and a big
beautiful door handle. The same blue
stitching indicating to you that you got
the electric model. Also, it just
matches so well with this particular
paint option. Even the leathers are
coming in multiple tones. So, this is
really where I noticed the difference
from other electric vehicle options is
just like kind of the fit and finish and
the difference in options available to
really configure it to your own taste.
Like, I've got a Cybert truck right now
and there's nothing personalized about
it at all. Everybody's Cybertruck is
essentially the same. Whereas, if you
buy one of these, you can really
personalize it in how you set things up.
Granted, you'll have to pay for those
options. Oh, lastly, Mercedes probably
has like my favorite venting system
where you can just reach up, grab, and
direct. And it's just so intuitive. It's
the same up front. It's the same on a
Sprinter van, but it's intuitive and
useful. Like, some things don't need to
be engineered beyond that into the
screen. Like on my Tesla, like I'm
trying to point the airflow. This is
just you reach up and you can move it in
a
360 fashion. And then if you want to
turn it off, you just spin it into the
off position. I'll show you in the
front. For me, getting in, I just grab
the the steering wheel and I kind of
come like that. It's not too bad for me,
honestly. And then closing the door from
the inside might be better than the
outside. I don't know. Listen. Oh, this
is not something you're used to if
you've been driving electric vehicles
for a while. They are the complete
opposite. Just closing the door
reinforces the idea that you're in a
vault. It feels like you're inside of a
vault. Like everything is sealed up. If
you're like me and you've been driving
electric cars for a while, you are not
used to this at all. If you've been
driving Teslas for a while, you're not
used to this at all. The Hummer kind had
kind of a satisfying a slightly more
satisfying, but nothing even close. I
mean, no car really that I'm aware of
competes with the strength of that
latching system. It means you get
heavier doors, you get a heavier
vehicle. If there is a theme to this
vehicle, it's this idea that you're not
screaming at the world that you're
driving an electric vehicle. you're
making a lot of compromises on well
range for example in order to have a
vehicle that still almost in every way
feels like a gas powered vehicle. Even
the type of sounds that they're pumping
in. Like when I was driving my older kid
in here, he was like, "This feels like
you're driving a gas car." It really
does. This is the one that will fool
people that if they're inside, you'll
have to tell them it's electric,
otherwise they might not even think
about it. I believe that's the buyer
they're looking for. the person that
wants to buy electric but doesn't want
anybody to know about it or at least
wants to play down the electric aspect
and wants to kind of fly under the radar
a little bit. Although in this color
like you're not flying under any radar.
This color of G Wagon moving around town
like people are are taking note. Anyway,
what can we say? The steering wheel is
one of my favorite aspects. Honestly,
I've been using the steering yolk on the
Tesla. This steering wheel is just a
beauty. It's fat. It's got this
perforated feel. It heats up really hot.
Though, it did take me a while to figure
out where you turn on the heated
steering wheel. You can do so in the
interface, but there's pretty much a
button or switch for almost everything.
And that's the same for the heated
steering wheel. It's over here below the
wiper control. And it's a little twist
to turn on the steering wheel. Heated
seats are over here on the left. This
has some sort of rapid heated seat
system, which is especially good on an
electric vehicle because these things
are more efficient at heating you up
comparative to the whole car, and they
heat up before the whole car heats up.
So, these things get steaming quick. The
other thing you can option in here is
heating for the armrests as well, which
is kind of a nice touch. We have a lot
of adjustment for the seat. You know,
everything, even the headrest is
adjustable via the motorized
adjustments. We can also extend the leg
rest. If you have longer legs, you can
bring this out. If you have shorter
legs, you can bring it in. The steering
wheel telescoping adjustable also in,
out, up, and down. This is what I'm
talking about. On, off, and point where
you like it. I mean, what more do you
want? It is so fast, so intuitive.
Anybody who gets in this car immediately
understands what to do if they want the
air on them, if they don't want the air
on them, if they want it on, or if they
want it off. Beautifully simple. In some
cases, the mechanical solution is still
superior to the software solution. It
does mean you end up with extra
components, but it is a satisfying
experience, lending itself to this whole
like rugged atmosphere. This giant
handle, that thing is just solid. It
says addition one on it, and we can
start to appreciate this carbon fiber
with these little blue accents as we
look around the cockpit. We have our two
cup holders here. They are heated and
cooled. They got a cool mechanism as
well, depending on the cup size that you
put in there. One cup is really small,
so it's held by that. The next cup is
medium, and then a large cup will push
down the entirety of the spring-loaded
element. Wireless charging for your
phone is here. Then you still get
another DC, two USBC ports as well. So,
lots of flexibility for your devices.
You can also close this whole section.
And I like this carbon fiber surface
with that release. They kind of roll up
into there if you keep it in its open
position. By having the dual open, you
don't get the big lid, so you can access
it from either side. Boom. Glove box.
Got a little bit of space. There's a pen
holder. I think we can also outfit this
with the whole like scent system for the
experience. I don't know. I might be
wrong about that. What's worth
mentioning now is there's a pretty
extensive ambient lighting system in
here, which I started to connect with
Mercedes in general. It's now here in
the G Wagon. So, even though this thing
is meant to be a vault and meant to be
an off-road machine and meant to be
rugged, it's also luxurious. Like, it's
this weird kind of mix of things that
these buyers want. This off-road rugged
appeal, but then at the same time, they
want luxury. That's a tough thing to
mix, but Mercedes is doing it in the G
Wagon. That's their whole agenda. So,
you've got ambient lighting. It's even
in the vents. It's in all kinds of
different areas. So, we still have a lot
of buttons to work with here, including
like this big touch pad in the middle
for interacting with the touchcreen. So,
the UI is controlled either via touch.
You can just reach up and touch, or you
can use this touchpad, which I haven't
seen one of these in a while, but this
used to be a common thing with car
manufacturers. So, this is obviously a
more natural place for your hand to
rest. I found myself actually using this
and not getting fingerprints on the
screen. It does often require a couple
more presses. rather than just reach up
and touch, I have to toggle around like
that. But you get good at it and some of
these things you don't have to be
incredibly rapid with. So, you end up
using it and then other times you just
reach up and touch. Something I want to
mention here in the charging section,
which is really cool because this thing
is not like a range monster. They've got
this setting here in order to maximize
your range. And you can see in a glimpse
what's using all of your power and if
you restrict some certain element of the
vehicle, what you can gain back in
range. So, like if I restricted the
climate functions, I could add up to 16
km of range. If I change to eco driving
from comfort, I could add up to 35 km
range. Or I can just click in the center
where it says maximize range, and that
will add the two of them together in
order to give you your maximum range.
Now, when I did that while I was
driving, it actually turned this screen
off. If you're really serious about
maximizing the range of the vehicle, you
can do that. They're not going to win
any range competitions compared to I
don't even know what the competition is,
so it doesn't even matter. Like what is
the competition for this? There really
isn't. I mean, Rivian, maybe these are
not the same buyer. A G Wagon buyer and
a Rivian buyer. Is that the same person?
This is for me a person who already knew
they wanted a G Wagon and then said,
"hm, there's an electric one. Let me
consider that." Or somebody who
legitimately wants an electric vehicle
that does not look like an electric
vehicle. Because Rivians, they're kind
of boxy, but they still look like
electric vehicles. Tesla Cybertruck, oh
my god, everyone knows the Hummers and
EV. It's truly a G Wagon electric, not
an
EQSG. You know what I'm saying? Anyway,
so you can control this from here.
Maximize your range. So, if I click on
comfort here, I got massage seats,
classic hot, relaxing back, ambient
lighting. I can manage from here. And it
does have the energizing comfort. Full
luxury in that regard. Like, this is
S-Class stuff. So, I can select from a
variety of moods. and it's going to
smell nice and whisk me away to the
seaside. Now, one of the coolest
sections on the vehicle, I'll have to
show you when we're driving. It's right
here. It's the off-road cockpit. This is
where we do our tank turn. They call it
a G turn. Honestly, it's kind of
mind-blowing when you do it. You can't
help but smile. It's a number of steps
to make it happen. We got to find some
snow so I can show you guys that. So, I
will play some music.
[Music]
Hey
man, like I don't know, man. I still
like something about buttons. And that's
not just the old man in me. They're
fast. Like if I just want to turn the
fan off, boom, it's off. There's a a
certain muscle memory to it, right? I
know the location of it already. I can
still look at the road and hit that
versus trying to find a very specific
spot to press on the display if it's a
touchcreen. All right, so we're out. G
Wagon feels like a Gwag. Like I feel
boxy. I feel the stiffness of it. It
feels utilitarian. And I feel also
elevated. Like I feel high up in here.
One thing about G Wagons, I'm not sure
if people know, electric or otherwise,
is they're not that huge inside. Like Mo
is like right here. Like I'm infringing
on Mo right now. There's a reason for
that. This was a utilitarian vehicle and
it still looks and behaves a lot like
the original military vehicle. When you
toggle the wipers, look at these little
baby wipers. Look at those things right
there. Utilitarian. See what I'm saying?
Now, the sounds that are being pumped in
are convincing. It doesn't have those
kind of pew pew Star Wars type of
feedback. Obviously, that sound is being
pumped in, but it is convincing. You're
like, "What are these paddle shifters
for?" This is going to change your
recuperation mode. Currently, we're in
comfort and it's in intelligent
recuperation, which is some sort of
dynamic mode. But I can also turn
recuperation off completely. So, you see
the car just rolls. I love this. I love
to have options in this regard because
sometimes it can drive me crazy having
too much recuperation. Every
manufacturer has sort of approached this
differently, but look at that. That's no
recuperation. This is going to hurt your
range obviously, but for those coming
from gas powered vehicles or drive
different vehicles, that can be a
satisfying experience to just feel the
roll of the car. I can go to normal,
strong, maximum. Let's feel what the
maximum recuperation is like. It's
probably going to feel like
breaking. Yeah, it feels like breaking
as soon as my foot comes off the
accelerator. I don't mind that
implementation either. It makes me more
inclined to like interact with it and
modify it than I would otherwise do if
it was buried in some menu. That's the
story of this car. Very few things are
buried in menus. Everything is
accessible to you close by. The
steering, you can see here,
very responsive and stiff. Like I said,
and that's in comfort mode. Obviously,
there's different driving modes, plenty
of them to choose from. Sport, you've
also got comfort, trail, rock, and then
you can set up your own individual. In
sport mode, your responsiveness.
There goes thrown back there. And it
actually it's a little squirly, like in
a fun way. She's a little squirly. Did
you feel what I'm talking about? I did,
dude. It still has that sportiness to it
somehow. Like it's a
little She'll get you now. It's not like
that murder power of the Cybert truck.
That's some murder power. The actual
acceleration on this is not quite as
quick as the G63 with the big motor in
it, but it feels plenty fast on a
vehicle like this. And obviously with
the electric, it's like instant. That
kind of like really immediate feedback
that makes up for it. You I don't think
you're going to notice a huge difference
even though on paper the numbers are
different. It's plenty fun. Enough
acceleration for plenty of fun. The
sound is kind of convincing. No. Yeah,
it is. It's kind of convincing. It
really sounds like it's coming from
there. There's part of me that knows
that it's simulated, but at a certain
point, you stop thinking about that.
Just to have that note associated with
your acceleration, you can't help it.
There's something satisfied about it. I
don't know. I don't know how to pinpoint
it. Like, why do we have to hear that?
Why do we need to hear that rumble when
we go fast? Why? We're used to it. We
grow up with it. I'm not sure. But this
is definitely the electric vehicle
that's the least electric, if you know
what I'm saying. As far as range is
concerned, gives you two numbers. So, it
gives you the range and then it gives
you the max range. And the numbers are
drastically different. So, 191 km of
range, but 278 km of max range, that's
almost 100 km different. But if I go
ahead and just click maximize range in
the center, it will dial back all of
those consumption features. And what
it's going to say is all energy saving
measures are active. This display will
switch off shortly. Just like that, we
are now in the maximum range mode. The
other thing I want to mention, there is
this eco mode display. I can change this
in the center, but it kind of shows how
your driving habit is also affecting
your range. There's a real range
component to this. And I have this ball
in the center that sort of turns it into
a game. If I slam on the pedal, you'll
see get a little squirly again. Anyway,
you'll see it'll go red. Essentially
letting you know that you're driving
like an idiot. I mean, I don't know that
I need to see that cuz I already know
that, but if you're really trying to do
this range challenge, then you have that
feedback as an option. You can change
whatever's on this display. Attention
assist, your audio source. I think the
eco display is probably the most fun out
of the bunch.
Spin. I guess we got to spin. We got to
find a spin
spot. Go down to rock.
Activate. Low range. Back into neutral.
You spin to drive. And then we g
turn. Damn.
That is so sick. Like it doesn't seem
possible. Should I do one more? Yeah.
Did you like that mo back to the G
turn? We're like fully going down this
hill in G turns. Listen, I don't doubt
this is a real off-road thing. This car
is a real off-road thing.
[Music]
That was insane. That was crazy. And
then let's see our circle. Look at our
circle. Look at our circle, bro. Wow.
Let's see it in real
life. Wow. Did you see that?